look who found his dancing shoes
no touching mr. Salvatore those the
rules I thought she didn't believe in
rules my brother is still upset that you
chose me to escort you well Damon needs
to concede that his younger brother is a
better dancer huh looks like you found
something to occupy his time
Elena Stefan don't
Elena it's your turn be prepared to move
it hurts doesn't it
no you know how I feel don't fight it
Stefan you loved me once
I Love You Stefan we'll be together
again I promise
Catherine you have to admit I am getting
better at this it was easy to get inside
of your head have you completely
forsaken your nature are we really gonna
do this again
both no I could rip you to shreds and do
my nails at the same time we want I
wanted to see you mr. Stefan indulge me
for a little while please why are you
back in town three reasons you you and
you see I can't quite get that down it's
just kind of get stuck in my throat
well you know it's the truth
deep down inside that gorgeous body of
yours it's tough in the fall in love
with me too